just as the call of duty name was
slipping into a relevancy Infinity Ward
released call of duty 4 modern warfare
which received scores of Game of the
Year awards and was considered by many
to be one of the best shooters ever
released in an instant the game
revitalized the series with a stellar
story and multiplayer that has proven
its staying power over nearly all others
with modern warfare 2 the developer
hopes to yet again prove their mastery
of all things shooter and has without a
shadow of a doubt hit their target it's
been five years since the events of
modern warfare and things are slowly
beginning to destabilize with the death
of zakharov Russia has a new martyr and
a number of organizations are looking
for ways to take advantage of the
tumultuous international conditions just
as was the case with the original
players will find themselves exploring
all reaches of the world and assuming
command of a number of different
characters occasionally running into
some familiar faces it all focuses on
one thing trying to hunt down vladimir
Makarov the new leader of the
ultra-nationalist
this journey sends players down to
morally dark roads never flinching when
things get decidedly disturbing Infinity
Ward has crafted an exciting story for
modern warfare 2 that provides some of
the best action in gaming without
sacrificing narrative the story itself
only clocks in at about 5 hours but it's
an extremely dense experience and
there's hardly any time to take a breath
in between stunning action segments with
impressive cinematic storytelling and
non-stop jaw-dropping moments it might
not be the longest single-player game of
the year but it's without a doubt one of
the most extraordinary
the tried-and-true gameplay from Modern
Warfare remains intact in the sequel
adding only a few changes to the core
game a handful of additional weapons in
gear expand upon the traditional
offerings letting players use Thermal
scopes to look through smoke and riot
shields to defend against machine-gun
fire vehicles also work their way into
the modern warfare series for the first
time giving a few sections of the
single-player campaign even more
variation another welcome addition or
door breaches which insert yet another
action movie cliche to the list after
slapping an explosive onto a door wall
the players blast a hole open to shoot
through slowing down time to allow for
precise aim be it to clear a room of
enemies or free a hostage it's simple
but it works and helps expand upon the
feeling of being a member of an elite
Special Forces Squadron
Plan B do it very little has changed in
modern warfare 2 but when the engine and
core gameplay was so good that even
Treyarch couldn't screw it up there's
really not much that needs changing
Modern Warfare has been one of the most
played games on xbox live on the
PlayStation Network since it was
released and while it's safe to say
Infinity Ward felt pressure to deliver
an enthralling single-player experience
the same could be said tenfold for
multiplayer justice is the case with the
story they approached it in a somewhat
conservative way finding ways to
drastically improve the experience
without actually making any drastic
changes for the most part it's all about
additions and fixes improving upon every
complaint anyone had about the original
on the technical side host migration has
finally been added meaning a plug polar
doesn't signal the end of the game when
it comes to content it's all about
allowing for even more customization
than before while creating a class is
still a feature it's been expanded to
allow for custom killstreaks which gives
players access to over a dozen different
options like century guns and Harrier
jets on the other side custom death
streaks and how players bounce back into
a game after a string of unfortunate
Falls they've also improved the quality
of starting weapons which should help
quiet the complaints of overpowered and
game unlockables it's a much more
polished version of Modern Warfare's
multiplayer and might even manage to be
more addicting if that's even possible
beyond traditional multiplayer a mode
called Special Ops is also available
while it can technically be played alone
it's obviously meant to be played with a
friend allowing for split-screen and
online multiplayer cut into four parts
it takes some sections of the
single-player and create scenarios where
players can compete for time at points
there are 25 different missions and they
definitely fill the void left by a lack
of cooperative play in the story adding
a massive amount of variety to an
already impressive multiplayer
Modern Warfare 2 feels like a
blockbuster summer movie visually the
game sports fantastic looking character
models and incredible effects
it doesn't deliver the visual fidelity
that Killzone 2 does but what it lacks
and polygons that more than makes up for
the dark gritty realistic style that can
sometimes feel too real gunshots and
explosions sound as realistic as ever
scored by the typical array of pounding
drums and trumpets voice actually is
wonderful it helps make all the
characters feel alive let's go the first
time so pick Tavish opens his mouth and
delivers a line in a thick Scottish
accent it's almost shocking students for
me wait for my goal it's hard not to
feel attached to the different soldiers
that surround the player throughout the
game even if many of them are just set
pieces
it's hard to find much to complain about
in modern warfare two Infinity Ward has
done so much right that the faults are
negligible by comparison the story is
compelling the multiplayer is addictive
and the package on the whole is
spectacular there's no doubt that
they've managed to outdo themselves with
this sequel proving their dominance over
the military FPS yet again and hopefully
laying the foundation for more to come
thanks for watching and be sure to check
out the full text review on game
revision comm